wifivelocityd, wwand, xartstorageremoted, xsand: add page (#9113)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/osx/wifivelocityd.md

# wifivelocityd

> > `launchd` daemon for the WiFiVelocity framework.
> > XPC helper for performing system context actions for the WiFiVelocity framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> XPC helper for performing system context actions for the WiFiVelocity framework.
> This should not be invoked manually.
> More information: <http://www.manpagez.com/man/8/wifivelocityd/>.

- Start the daemon:

`wifivelocityd`
```

# wifivelocityd

> XPC helper for performing system context actions for the WiFiVelocity framework.

> > This should not be invoked manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> It should not be invoked manually.
```
